readme.md, before:

# Stylish Select

## Dependencies

This plugin requires no dependencies unless opting for [jQuery](https://jquery.com) syntax.

## Installation

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://cdn.cruzium.info/stylish-select/latest/stylish-select.min.css" />
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdn.cruzium.info/stylish-select/latest/stylish-select.min.js"></script>
```
or use
```html
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdn.cruzium.info/stylish-select/latest/jquery.stylishselect.min.js"></script>
```
if opt for jQuery syntax.

## Usage

*HTML Markup*
```html
<select name="foo" id="foo">
	<option value="">Please select</option>
	<option value="1">Option 1</option>
	<option value="2">Option 2</option>
	<option value="3">Option 3</option>
</select>
```
In short, just use it like a normal select dropdown.

*Vanilla JS*
```javascript
var instance = new StylishSelect(document.getElementById('foo'), options);
```

*jQuery*
```javascript
$('#foo').stylishSelect(options);
```

## Options

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| `arrowClass` | *string* | `'stylish-select-caret'` | The plugin ships with classes `stylish-select-arrow` and `stylish-select-caret` for a choice of arrow and caret respectively. |
| `hiddenClass` | *string* | `'stylish-select-hidden'` |  |
| `placeholderClass` | *string* | `'stylish-select-placeholder'` |  |
| `selectClass` | *string* | `undefined` |  |
| `wrapperClass` | *string* | `'stylish-select'` |  |

## Methods

### `refresh()`: *void*

Refresh the placeholder element to reflect the latest value.

## Limitations

1. In order to make the plugin works correctly, each `<option>` **must** contain a `value` attribute.
2. Multiple select (i.e. `<select multiple>`) is currently not supported.

## Support This Project

[!["Buy Me a Coffee"](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/yellow_img.png)](https://buymeacoffee.com/cruziumdigital)

Commit message:

Add framework-specific wrapper info

readme.md, after:

# Stylish Select

## Dependencies

This plugin requires no dependencies unless opting for [jQuery](https://jquery.com) syntax.

Framework-specific wrappers are available:
- For [Angular JS](https://github.com/cruzium-lab/angular-stylishselect)
- For [Alpine.js](https://github.com/cruzium-lab/alpine-stylishselect)

## Installation

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://cdn.cruzium.info/stylish-select/latest/stylish-select.min.css" />
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdn.cruzium.info/stylish-select/latest/stylish-select.min.js"></script>
```
or use
```html
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdn.cruzium.info/stylish-select/latest/jquery.stylishselect.min.js"></script>
```
if opt for jQuery syntax.

## Usage

*HTML Markup*
```html
<select name="foo" id="foo">
	<option value="">Please select</option>
	<option value="1">Option 1</option>
	<option value="2">Option 2</option>
	<option value="3">Option 3</option>
</select>
```
In short, just use it like a normal select dropdown.

*Vanilla JS*
```javascript
var instance = new StylishSelect(document.getElementById('foo'), options);
```

*jQuery*
```javascript
$('#foo').stylishSelect(options);
```

## Options

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| `arrowClass` | *string* | `'stylish-select-caret'` | The plugin ships with classes `stylish-select-arrow` and `stylish-select-caret` for a choice of arrow and caret respectively. |
| `hiddenClass` | *string* | `'stylish-select-hidden'` |  |
| `placeholderClass` | *string* | `'stylish-select-placeholder'` |  |
| `selectClass` | *string* | `undefined` |  |
| `wrapperClass` | *string* | `'stylish-select'` |  |

## Methods

### `refresh()`: *void*

Refresh the placeholder element to reflect the latest value.

## Limitations

1. In order to make the plugin works correctly, each `<option>` **must** contain a `value` attribute.
2. Multiple select (i.e. `<select multiple>`) is currently not supported.

## Support This Project

[!["Buy Me a Coffee"](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/yellow_img.png)](https://buymeacoffee.com/cruziumdigital)
